sometimes a small body belies a
toughness of spirit the man they call LT
bleh harbors an unshakable pride that
has Williamson victory or a generation
every moment of Eric paralysis life has
been predicated on his refusal to back
up this is a go-forward vitamin he is
there to take your heart manny pacquiao
is a hungry young brawler with a
powerful left and an eager heart is why
we use the word since Jason
this is a typhoon that had come across
the Pacific he's inspired an
impoverished nation to hope and has
become its crown prince here's a kid
through sold stolen cigarettes on the
streets so neat and he comes his
country's most celebrated sense chapter
one of their tale began nearly two years
ago when the veteran warrior outdueled
boxing's harvest sensation and I told
him that Eric we took you lightly and he
told me to shut the F up and sit down
stop crying there's kind of an ugly side
to Erik Morales he's real morose at
times and angry but pacquiao fought fire
with fire power in their rematch and
pacquiao dropped them that was symbolic
because nobody knows Tom Morales in the
grand finale on November 18a battle-torn
legend will try to turn back time and a
people's champion will stake his claim
as one of boxing's pound-for-pound best
Pacquiao's a dangerous dangerous fight
to take them three times is almost
suicide this is the countdown to
Pacquiao Morales 3
and the first news conference in
preparation for this fight Eric looked
worse more out of shape more overweight
than I think I've ever seen him before I
would not have known I would not have
recognized I mean he looked like a bird
that had been feeding on a carcass to
him I mean he was puffed up 130 pounds
is just not a natural wait for him at
this point in his life and so he's his
biggest fight before manny pacquiao was
going to be on the scales to help in
that battle Morales has changed his
routine he decided to work with a team
of personal trainers in Los Angeles for
eight weeks before heading to camp in
Mexico I mean if you want to be fast you
gotta train fast you are what you
trained gonna be quick you got to Train
quick that's it good now you got it good
first from the mint a little peso
putlocker fill it up the Emperor little
penis cum yet buddy up it just gets
harder and harder and harder every time
and particularly hard when you're a kid
from El Norte who's rich who will never
have to worry about a peso again as long
as you live la zona norte in Tijuana
Mexico a border town to the United
States with an infamous reputation to
crazytown it's like being in Tombstone
that's what the one is like it is wild
you can end up using your life over
anything there's no law they grew up in
one of the roughest neighborhoods in our
hemisphere he grew up in a place where
you you fight or die los altos in Brazil
peligroso
co-producer oh poor offender mean
escuela por salir Eric was home schooled
in his boxing education by his father
Jose a former pro fighter who ran a gym
in their home Erik Morales grew up
literally above the gym so it seemed
kind of preordained that he was going to
be a fighter himself the thing was his
father didn't really want him to fight
nomos where tambien tengo que ellos me
buenas Manos entonces yo tenia miedo que
era en la mano de meo know for my friend
a ver las cosas a lo que yo pero
realmente al final del dia estamos na
nimo Camino and even when he turned pro
this will run is too well no I got a
longing to really match him up against
these seasoned veterans and he would
walk like to him and pretty soon he
realized that his son was not just good
possibly great on the other side of the
world Manny Pacquiao was surviving an
early life of dire poverty well the
Philippines is a rather poor country
it's a third world country like Mexico
they're considered like on the lower
tier just you know very poor area they
don't have much in general santos city
if you go to the bathroom you take a
bucket and you pour it you pour water
down that's how you're flush the toilet
and they don't use toilet paper they use
their hands and wash their hands we
don't have money to support my study so
I have to decide to continue my fucking
her when I went to Manila I was 14 years
old he told me about his father eating
his dog and him running away from home
because of that and that's how we ended
up in the in the boxing gym in Manila
you're poor and you don't have money to
eat you either steal or either dug all
the stories are not sure that I believe
all of them but they're great stories
he's been one of these aggressive kids
that was going to fight in and do with
his own way
whereas Eric just had to come downstairs
to become a fighter manny pacquiao had
to leave his home and his family and go
to the big city back in the bull rings
of Tijuana Erik Morales continued to
cultivate his home grown talent buenas
pilaris muy buenos an evil national
mundial pasadita la vente estaba dando
de la mondiale in 1997 Morales taste his
biggest challenge yet bind with a
122-pound title against fellow mexican
Daniel Zaragoza salerosa was a big
obstacle promoter an iron chin gladiator
from Mexico City and you never been
stopped